greetings some choppers and I'm the
captain and with Addison's with Chapman
guitar this is a very special Chapman
guitar it's the baby isn't it this is
how it's born it was how it was bought
mattered burping bad yeah I would just
be bad all over nothing good can come
from this is how it was born this guitar
was created by jayne rowse who makes all
the prototypes Chapman guitars it's an
awesome dream machine and it's time to
give it away this is mahogany which is a
kind of wood ebony maple gotoh tuners
dimarzio pickups a switch that does that
a thing that goes and it is unique
because it actually ended up the the
final ml 2 ended up a little bit bigger
than this one didn't it a little busier
this is unique this is like the
Stonehenge yes ty loads la dance but
this was built by one of the UK's finest
luthiers and was was joy expensive
wasn't it Chris it was um but but that's
beside is no object when it comes down
to making prototypes for Chapman guitars
Chapman guitars and there's one guy who
has worked selflessly behind the scenes
of Chapman guitars and actually
everything I do for many a year now and
he's a great guy he's a good-looking guy
and I'd like to call Daniel over to the
camera in the blue may yeah well 25 I
think you can your hair and everything
yeah looking good as it Gibson in the
way I think you should sit on my knee
reducing ventriloquism not Christmas I'm
thought uh Daniel yeah without further
ado thank you so much for everything
you've done I really mean that man I
know you know you're a good guy you know
there's love here and I'd like to give
you this ml2 prototype from Chapman
guitars awesome thanks mom yeah like
it's hump you get
dan how does it feel to win a pygmy
guitar awesome good I think later on
when you've recovered from the shock you
should crank it up and play it and that
will be good fun good congratulations
mate thanks man hey guys just do a three
thing team ho oh oh so boom boom bah let
me say whoa whoa